**AVAILABLE! Beautiful, semi-furnished 4 bed/3.5 bath large corner townhouse near SJSU (1.2 miles), 101 and 680/280, schools, parks, and dining and shopping locations.
**

Each of the 4 bedrooms is furnished with NEW full size bed frame, NEW full mattress with NEW mattress protector, NEW work/study desk and NEW task chair.

The open concept main floor boasts a living room with a 75-inch Smart TV and couches.

The dining room has a solid dining table and chairs for 8.

The large kitchen has stainless steel appliances (fridge, microwave, stove top, oven, dishwasher), big counter with counter height swivel chairs, under sink reverse osmosis water filter and plenty of storage throughout.

There is a separate laundry room with washer/dryer, an office nook, a 1/2 bath, and a charming balcony with the view of the sunrise on the main floor too.

The newly painted large garage can accommodate 2 cars side by side, and has the tankless water heater, NEW water softener, and more storage. There is also a pass for 1 guest parking.

It has recently installed recessed LED lights throughout and carpet on the 3rd floor.

All bedrooms have blinds, and the main floor has beautiful shutters. Great natural light and high ceilings throughout, truly a gem of a property.
---------------

$4,400/month

6 months minimum stay as per HOA

1 month security deposit

6 months minimum until May 31, 2024, can be renewed

Included: HOA, Garbage

Not included: Water and PG&E, Internet

No parties, drugs, smoking, heavy alcohol consumption

Small pets OK ($250/pet deposit, $50/pet/month fee)

No overnight guests

No subletting

Max 5 persons

If leaving, please give 30-day notice

Tenant to pay for PGE, water, water softener salt, air filter and water cartridge.

Renter's insurance required

Income: 3x the rent in combined income across all applicants (co-signer OK)

Credit: 650+ credit score for all adult occupants

Background: Clear of previous evictions and criminal convictions Identification Documents: State Driver's License, ID or Passport

